Studio 11 write up

Your TA's name:



Students in your studio group:

    Name        Student ID (begins with a 4)
	
1.Bridget Wang	456190
2.Sylvia Dai	456114
3.
4.
5.
6.


Part 1. Introduction


1. Give your own definition for what a crypographic key is 
It carries information that allows users to encrypt or decrypt. 
2. Explain the differences between public, private, and shared keys 
Public key is known to everyone, but the private key is secret. Shared keys are private key between multiple users. 
3. Is Diffie-Hellmann an encryption algorithm? **
It is a key exchange algorithm. 
4. Encryption is often confused with hashing, can you think of a reason why? what is the main difference? 
Both convert the original information to something else based on a pre-specified algorithm. 
The difference is that hashing does no replace the original information. 
5. bonus: should passwords be hashed or encrypted before they are stored in a database? why? 
It should be hashed, because we do not want the database to know the actual password. 
If the pw is hashed, when you log in, the database only needs to compare the hashed values, 
rather than decrypt it. 

Part 2. Caesar Ciphers


For the following messages and keys, give the output of the caesar encryption:

1.
hfy
2. 
cheud
3. 
pas
for the following message/encrypted message pairs, give the key

1. 
computer, 7
2. 
science 5
3.
wow 15

Part 3. Diffie-Hellmann Key Exchanges


before starting make sure you are able to answer the following questions:

1. what values must be agreed upon by both parties beforehand? 
They agree on two integers with specific mathematical properties. (i.e. base and modulus)
2. how many private keys are used? 
Two, one for each
3. what is the equation to calculate the public keys?
A = g^a, B = g^b --> g^secret mod p
4. what the equation to produce the final shared keys? 
s = A^b mod p = g^ab mod p = g^ba mod p = B^a mod p --> g^(other public key) mod p
5. how many of the secret numbers need to be known in order to crack the algorithm? 
Either one of the two. 